feat: open last toggled term on smart toggle (#397)
akinsho/toggleterm.nvim: README.md

This plugin must be explicitly enabled by using `require("toggleterm").setup{}`

Setting the `open_mapping` key to use for toggling the terminal(s) will set up mappings for _normal_ mode.

> If you prefix the mapping with a number that particular terminal will be opened; in case prefix is not set, then the last toggled terminal will be opened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefix the mapping with a number that particular terminal will be opened. Otherwise if a prefix is not set, then the last toggled terminal will be opened.
````

> If you prefix the mapping with a number that particular terminal will be opened. Othrwise if a prefix is not set, then the last toggled terminal will be opened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefix the mapping with a number that particular terminal will be opened. Otherwise if a prefix is not set, then the last toggled terminal will be opened.
```
